Stop
Brother Jiang Qisheng
Did you eat the bear leopard bomb?
This is the trouble every day
Now dodge the longan
Just answer
Brother, isn't he just a barbecue seller?
Shut your stinky mouth
Long Yanshi, this is your subordinate.
Warrior ability
Is used to defend the country
Defend the people
It's not for him to be strong and weak here
Not to mention molesting women
I see you Governor of Southwest
Don't do it yes
It's a subordinate's fault
Take it away from me
Brother, brother
Girl, come on, go home
Thanks go ahead
Why did the little vermilion bird come to me?
old man
Long time no see.
Phoenix Store respectfully invites the Emperor to return
I respectfully invite the Emperor to return
Get up.
The emperor is now in turmoil on the frontier
Resist tiger gall
The queen summoned us back
It's been done three times.
I implore the Emperor to return to preside over the overall situation
Ask the emperor to return to preside over the overall situation
Standing up as a nation
Country in trouble
Come back when called
But
Before the return
There's one more person who can't let go